As we mentioned before,
if features are inputs to a supervised learning model,
then the targets, also called labels,
are the outputs of the model.
In the last lesson, you learned how to create
several features that may be useful for improving your model's performance.
The features help by providing context about market conditions,
which are useful in the decision-making of the model.
You also learned how to create targets or labels that
allow the model to work well in changing market conditions.
In this section, we're going to talk about a particular problem with
the labels that applications of machine learning to finance frequently encounter.
We've heard a bit about this issue already.
It has to do with what happens when the labels are not independent.
This violates a core assumption of many of
the machine-learning algorithms we would like to use.
Let's learn a bit more about this issue.